# WWDS: What Would Drake Say?

<html>
<h2> What Would Drake Say If..... He's Cold?</h2>
<p> Drake slides into his fuzzy slippers and robe while holding a steaming cup of hot cocoa. He slowly reaches for the mini marshmallows, but his robe drops to the floor. A cool breeze covers Drake's body. Drake slowly shivers and makes out the words "Brrrrrrrrrrrrr it's freezing" before he reaches for his robe. He puts the marshmallows in his cocoa before settling on his couch watching Love Island. </p>
<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/11hNZtp1mnDmPm" width="480" height="306" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
<h2> What Would Drake Say If.... He Got Jumpscared?</h2>
<p> Drake wakes up at 8 AM, yawning and stretching. He cracks his knuckles and sighs. "Another day, more orders to obey." He goes through his usual morning routine and puts on his new Certified Lover Boy merch. He hops into his Rolls Royce and exhales. "Oh golly, there's nothing like this!" He drives to his studio, obeying every stop sign and red light. He misses one. "Oh, jeepers!" Drake exclaims, as he turns around and realizes. Too tired to care, Drake parks in his particular spot at the studio. He walks in, not knowing his producers are waiting for him. As he passes through the door, his friends and producers come out, surprising Drizzy Drake. "Oh em gee willikers that gave the willies!" he exclaims as he dramatically puts his hand over his forehead. </p>
<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/M7BfQuvGf79DO" width="480" height="360" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
<h2> What Would Drake Say If.....He Wanted to play Fortnite?</h2>
<p> Drake enters his mansion after a long day at the studio. He looks around as he turns on the light. While observing the beautiful house he just bought, Drake wonders, "How can something be so big, yet so empty?" Drake thinks for a moment, then says, "Just like my heart." He sighs as his voice echos throughout his house. A small tear rolls down his face as he walks into his den. He looks at his Xbox and then glances at his bed. He pauses at the Xbox. Drake wiggles and waggles his fingers while speaking to the emptiness. "I've been good this week, don't mind if I do!" He flicks the Xbox on while grabbing a controller and inserts Fortnite. As he watches the loading screen, his mind slowly flashes to his ex. He makes up his mind and gets up and turns off the Xbox. "There's no time for games," he thinks to himself. Drake reaches for his phone and pulls up his ex's contact. He lays stomach down on his bed while kicking his legs back and forth. He types "I miss you, please give me anther chance, I really did love you," but slowly deletes it and types "Hey" instead. He turns off his phone and listens to Taylor Swift for 4 more heartbroken hours before going to sleep.</p>
</html>
